{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14460\viewh16140\viewkind1\viewscale90
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Nomad Design Document
\f1 \
\

\f0 Intro:\
	Nomad centers around the idea of limited resources.  The player will travel from map to map, trying to scrounge up enough resources to survive, and make it to the next system.  The player will acquire resources by pillaging dead plants, stealing them from other factions, or salvaging them from abandoned ships.\
	The primary resource is the Resource Unit.  The RU is used to jump from one map to the next, upgrade unitsThe RU can be converted into secondary resources: Supplies, Ammo, and fuel.  When converting RU's supplies should be cheaper than ammo, and ammo, cheaper than fuel.  Supply represents things like oxygen, food, and water.  Supply is depleted at the end of every turn.  Ammo is used up every time  the unit attacks.  Fuel is used up every time the unit moves.  Larger units may have their fuel decremented each turn to simulate the larger energy requirement for life support, etc.  It will allow the larger ships to be more powerful tactically wile gimping them strategically. \
	The player will command a small fleet of ships, with a normal fleet being between five to ten ships.  The player will have limited control over each ships equipment, allowing the player to balance between fire power, armor, and speed.  \
}